# Crime-Report-Management
Crime is a part of illegal activities in human life. It is quite obvious that the rate of crimes is increasing day by day in all societies across the world, but we do believe that there is a lot which can be done by both the governments and the individuals to reduce the crimes in communities.The rise of population and complex society rises the range of anti-social conducts that must be restricted by the government through the military and different organizations particularly the Police Force. There are many current crime management systems which faces several difficulties,as there is no means to report crime instantly other than phone calls, messaging or face-to-face compliant filing. Hence, we have proposed an online crime reporting system which allows the user to file complaints or missing reports and keep a track of it.
There are 3 categories that a user can file; Complaint, Crime Report and Missing Report and can see all the status of what action has been taken by the admin. 
To file any of the above 3 complaints, the user should register in to the system and provide his right credentials to file them. The crime reporting system project also allows other users who don’t want to register but can check the crimes happening at his/her or any other area has to just provide the pin code and in return the system displays the list of crimes if any filed. The offline i.e. the unregistered user can also take advantage of checking the missing person details, but he/she is refrained from getting complaints done by the users. This system helps the users in tracking any report filed to the law and take an advantage of reporting any complaint from anywhere bringing the whole system online Crime is a part of illegal activities in human life.
It is quite obvious that the rate of crimes is increasing day by day in all societies across the world, but we do believe that there is a lot which can be done by both the governments and the individuals to reduce the crimes in communities.The rise of population and complex society rises the range of anti-social conducts that must be restricted by the government through the military and different organizations particularly the Police Force. There are many current crime management systems which faces several difficulties, as there is no means to report crime instantly other than phone calls, messaging or face-to-facecompliant filing. 
Hence, we have proposed web crime reportage system that permits the user to file misconduct reports and keep a track of it. To file any of the higher than three complaints, the user ought to register in to the system and supply his right credentials to file them. The crime reportage system project conjointly permits different users United Nations agency doesn’t need to register however will check the crimes happening at his/her or the other space, must simply offer the pin code and reciprocally the system displays the list of crimes if any filed. The offline i.e. the unregistered user can even cash in of checking the missing person details, however he/she is shunned obtaining complaints done by the users. The forepart of the crime reportage system is finished victimization humanoid Studio and SQL is a backend to store books lists and inventory information. The system, has each the user likewise the Admin half, the role of admin is to merely check all the three modules or classes and update their standing likewise. this technique helps the users in following any report filed to the law and take a bonus of reportage any grievance from anyplace conveyance the complete systemon-line.
 
Here admin is a module, admin can directly login with the application after successful login he can perform some operations such as add police station and select police station and add police and logout
 
Citizen here should register and login after successful login he can perform some operations such as make complaint and check the complaint status and logout

Here police is a module, police can directly login with the application after successful login he can perform some operations such as view complaints by the citizen and accept complaint and give some solutions to the citizen and logout

SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS: 
•	Operating System		:	Windows 10
•	Technology		    	:	Java8 and J2EE
•	Web Technologies		:	Html, JavaScript, CSS
•	IDE			           	:	Net beans 
•	Web Server	    		:	Tomcat
•	Database		      	:	My SQL

The Online Crime Reporting web application system which is too much helpful for all the common people, government organization and different societies. This is based on a very simple and non-complex approach. This has been created as a safety measure for all section of people and societies. Anything which is against the law or anyone who is violating the law will now have some fear as now filing an FIR is much easier than it was before. The Online Crime Reporting System is a success with satisfaction from both the people and government organizations. This has been tested and is a success. So, this make it much more efficient

